I'm gonna start over again oh my god hey
guys welcome to my tiny kitchen today
I'm going to show you how I cook in my
small dry kitchen which is a kitchen
without running water we're going to be
making egg fried rice with pork
two cups of water boiling in our pan we
have two cups white rice I already
rinsed this four eggs some canola oil
some soy sauce chicken fat fresh onions
that I just cut from my garden now I
only have one clove of garlic on me
right now so that's what I'm going to be
working with but I would use for if you
have it at home we got some water
boiling here and I put two cups of tree
rings white rice as well as two
tablespoons of vegetable oil in there
so while the rice is cooking i'm going
to show you guys how I easily cut garlic
and the only thing you need is a chef's
knife and a pair of clean scissors I
just chop the bottom off take the side
of my knife and I'm going to press into
it take the skin off and now I have a
piece of garlic as you can see it's
already kind of it's all like separated
I'm just going to put that over my
frying pan and I'm going to cut that
about five times probably the worst part
of living in a dry cabin is doing dishes
so I've learned a lot of easy tricks to
avoid making as many dishes as possible
this saves you dishes it saves you time
I take my clean scissors and I start
cutting the pork into strips because I
was bone in and we're just going to cut
around the bones so after you cut the
pork into strips you're going to cut it
into cubes now that we have our pork cut
we're just going to put two tablespoons
of canola oil in with our garlic and
we're going to let that start frying
once that guard looks nice and aromatic
you're going to take your pork and add
that in let's just dump that on in there
we're going to add some pepper as you
can see the pork is now cooked our eggs
cracked and put in the bowl packed and
put in the bowl you're going to gently
mix these together just to combine the
yolk with the whites but not enough to a
dare you don't want to make this like
fluffy scrambled eggs about two
tablespoons of soy sauce into their the
nice helping of pepper
pour the contents of your eggs into the
pan once you start seeing that the
bottom of your eggs has began cooking
I'm going to turn that heat back down a
bit you're going to start rolling your
pan so just rolling it like so so yeah
just make sure all the edges pop up like
that it's just like a big egg pancake
are you very gently going to score your
eggs
the way I was taught is you make your
eyes a day ahead I don't do that so
that's that so with all the main
components cooked and ready to go we're
going to heat up our pan add a bit of
canola oil wash my scissors after I cut
the pork and now i'm going to just cut
my green onions into this canola oil i'm
going to just put my rise in there add
my chicken tender chicken fat and i'm
going to ask boys off i would start with
about two days to just get to mixing now
add some pepper unfortunately while i
was frying the rice the camera stopped
recording uh-oh I don't even know how to
explain it oh so the last two steps you
add the eggs and the pork and cook for
another 5 minutes from my tiny kitchen
to yours Bon Appetit